update installation instructions and use with vscode (#480)
CUQI-DTU/CUQIpy: docs/user/getting_started.rst

   <a href="https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution" target="_blank">Anaconda distribution</a>

Anaconda comes with many useful python libraries pre-installed and makes it easy to run CUQIpy code via the jupyter notebook app. In addition, CUQIpy plugins often require 3rd party libraries that can most
easily be installed through anaconda. |Miniconda| is a lightweight alternative to Anaconda if storage is a concern.

.. |Miniconda| raw:: html

   <a href="https://docs.anaconda.com/miniconda/miniconda-install/" target="_blank">Miniconda</a>

.. _install:

Installation
------------

Before installing CUQIpy, We highly recommend creating a new Python environment using conda. This will ensure that CUQIpy's dependencies do not interfere with other Python packages you may have installed. Here we choose `cuqipy-env` as the environment's name and also install pip in it with the following command

.. code-block:: sh

   conda create -n cuqipy-env pip

Then to activate the environment:

.. code-block:: sh

>    conda activate cuqipy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   conda activate cuqipy-env
```

Anaconda comes with many useful python libraries pre-installed and makes it easy to run CUQIpy code
via the jupyter notebook app. In addition, CUQIpy plugins often require 3rd party libraries that can most
easily be installed through anaconda. |Miniconda| is a lightweight alternative to Anaconda if storage is a concern.

.. |Miniconda| raw:: html

   <a href="https://docs.anaconda.com/miniconda/miniconda-install/" target="_blank">Miniconda</a>

.. _install:

Installation
------------

> Before installing CUQIpy, We highly recommend creating a new Python environment using conda. This will ensure that CUQIpy's dependencies do not interfere with other Python packages you may have installed. Here we choose `cuqipy` as the environment's name and also install pip in it.

Reviewer: I think the previous choice you made `cuqipy-env` was more clear to me than naming the environment `cuqipy`. To distinguish it from the tool name.

Author: Updated to `cuqipy-env` after stand-up discussion

> Before installing CUQIpy, We highly recommend creating a new Python environment using conda. This will ensure that CUQIpy's dependencies do not interfere with other Python packages you may have installed. Here we choose `cuqipy` as the environment's name and also install pip in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing CUQIpy, We highly recommend creating a new Python environment using conda. This will ensure that CUQIpy's dependencies do not interfere with other Python packages you may have installed. Here we choose `cuqipy` as the environment's name and also install pip in it with the following command
```

.. code-block:: sh

   conda create -n cuqipy pip

> Activate the environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then to activate the environment:
```

.. code-block:: sh

   conda activate cuqipy

> Then install CUQIpy and all its dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then install CUQIpy and all its dependencies in the activated environment `cuqipy`:
```

.. code-block:: sh

   pip install cuqipy

This will install the latest version of CUQIpy and all its dependencies.

> It is also suggested to install ipykernel as we usually work with jupyter notebooks a lot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also suggest installing ipykernel to be able to run `cuqipy` jupyter notebook examples:
```

> Installation

Reviewer 2: I think you can suggest miniconda for those that want to use command line to install and use less space and anaconda for those who are not sure.

Author: Good idea. I have added the following sentence:
> Miniconda is a lightweight alternative to Anaconda if storage is a concern.

------------

Before installing CUQIpy, We highly recommend creating a new Python environment using conda. This will ensure that CUQIpy's dependencies do not interfere with other Python packages you may have installed. Additinally, we also install pip in the environment.

.. code-block:: sh

>    conda create -n cuqipy-env pip

Reviewer 2: I suggest we call the environment "cuqipy" and not "cuqipy-env". We can explain a bit in the text if needed.

Furthermore, often an issue when working like this is that "ipykernel" must also be installed to run notebooks etc. Thus I would suggest to include a description on that also if we go down the road to include environments.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I have added the following sentence accordingly:
> It is also suggested to install ipykernel as we usually work with jupyter notebooks a lot:
pip install ipykernel

Author: Updated to `cuqipy-env` after stand-up discussion

.. code-block:: sh

   python -m pytest -v

Working with VS Code (optional)
-------------------------------

> To improve your coding experience with Python in VS Code, you might want to install the |Python-extension| and |Jupyter-extension| extensions in VS Code. In VS Code, don't forget to select a Python interpreter in the environment that CUQIpy is installed. More information on how to work with Python in VS Code can be found |Python-VSCode|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve your coding experience with Python in VS Code, we recommend installing the |Python-extension| and |Jupyter-extension| extensions in VS Code. In VS Code, don't forget to select the Python interpreter of the environment in which CUQIpy is installed, `cuqipy` in this case. More information on how to work with Python in VS Code can be found |Python-VSCode|.
```
